projects/demos/web_demo/README.md, before:

# Web Demo for SeptembeRSE
The goal of this demo is to showcase an image processing pipeline in _GrCUDA_.

## Backend
The backend is in charge of receiving signal (via `websockets`) associated to the beginning of the computation and the computation mode (either `sync`, `async` or `cuda-native`) from the frontend and initiate the actual computation using the specified mode.
At each image processed, the backend signals the frontend of the current progresses and of which images (in batch) are ready to be displayed to the final user.

### Install dependencies and run
To install the dependencies run `npm install` in the `backend` directory and compile the cuda binary in the `../image_pipeline` directory using `cmake`.
When in development, it is advisable to run `npm run devall` in order to compile and run the servers at each code save.
In production, first compile the `typescript` files using the `typescript` compiler (`tsc`) or the `npm build` command. The compiled files can be found in the `dist` directory and can be executed by running `npm run runall`.


## Frontend
The frontend is in charge of signaling the beginning of the computation to the backend, showing the progress and, when the computation is finished, display a grid of the computed images. By clicking on any thumbnail in the grid, the user is displayed the full resolution image.

### Install dependencies and run
Open the `index.html` file, requires the backend to be already running in the local server (`localhost`) on port 8080 (sync), 8081 (async), 8082 (cuda-native).

Commit message:

Updated readme with instructions and setup_webdemo.sh script

projects/demos/web_demo/README.md, after:

# Web Demo for SeptembeRSE
The goal of this demo is to showcase an image processing pipeline in _GrCUDA_.

## Backend
The backend is in charge of receiving signal (via `websockets`) associated to the beginning of the computation and the computation mode (either `sync`, `async` or `cuda-native`) from the frontend and initiate the actual computation using the specified mode.
At each image processed, the backend signals the frontend of the current progresses and of which images (in batch) are ready to be displayed to the final user.

### Install dependencies and run
To install the dependencies run `npm install` in the `backend` directory and compile the cuda binary in the `../image_pipeline` directory using `cmake`.
When in development, it is advisable to run `npm run devall` in order to compile and run the servers at each code save.
In production, first compile the `typescript` files using the `typescript` compiler (`tsc`) or the `npm build` command. The compiled files can be found in the `dist` directory and can be executed by running `npm run runall`.


## Frontend
The frontend is in charge of signaling the beginning of the computation to the backend, showing the progress and, when the computation is finished, display a grid of the computed images. By clicking on any thumbnail in the grid, the user is displayed the full resolution image.

### Install dependencies and run
Open the `index.html` file, requires the backend to be already running in the local server (`localhost`) on port 8080 (sync), 8083 (async), 8082 (cuda-native).

If running on a remote machine remember setup port forwarding using ssh: 
```
ssh -f -L LOCAL_PORT:DESTINATION_IP:DESTINATION_PORT user@DESTINATION_IP
```
